we started to rescue the game in the
Italian calcium with mauro zárate that
continues to amaze with his game in the
lazio came to convert two goals in the
last date and in this opportunity
against sampdoria scored this goal
which was the first from 2 to 0 against
impeccable tricolor team what of maurito
from the capital of italy we go to the
from Spain where Real Madrid received
Jose Barkero Numancia of laying on
advantage to your team with this
impressive shot of the angle of the arch
de iker casillas' first goal of the wheel
Spanish in the contest that muted a
bernabéu hungry for victory
and now we travel to Germany the
bundesliga continues to nourish our
section in this case the Swiss Alexander
frei del borussia dortmund puts his stamp
with this formidable shot was the
discount of a party that was going to
have as a figure since 15 more minutes
late the same striker was going to put the
goal of the draw against the schalke and by
last we will appreciate the technique in the
punch of the Brazilian diego figure of a
werder bremen who has him as an idol and
key piece in the assembly of the game this
bright definition was the opening of the
score on Saturday's win against
al energie cottbus by 3 to 0 as
says his jersey we will certainly
we give a 10
well we continue to talk football
roberto we are with Carlos
Carlos Boozer is a concrete question to
you in this without cassette in some
moment I think he slipped it like that
I wanted
basile has had this second stage with
the Argentine team at the time
He said he would have liked to take another
time the Argentine team today today
regardless of basile of the world
this after living that
experience you feel like explaining that
little bug action coaches
after germany
a friend friend of a morning newspaper
and Carlos asked me I have another
objective and today I continue with the objective and not
he has trained the two I do not have it
Clear
now I do not want him to vote repression
of the average club of mine is that they vote the
players and that the referees vote
vote the technicians
I talked to july grondona the system
not with your ideas
I wish to be in fifa
triumph something with perspiration do not go
and it 's once you vote for a person in
the fifa you can not get the contrary
July part graphic Carlos where he puts
in this country desperate for the
selection wins deposit that tremendous
delusion
well in the frustration of
functioning and that 's where we put the
patience and there is that
in these countries our countries
countries what I say in these italy
brazil argentina is not very difficult very
difficult bags tables eyes is not football
is that I 'm going to give some talk to
the company for guys and tell me I say
business and I was taught that the to 20 years
you saw some wines, for example
roberto vino roberto made a money wine
roberto first after roberto del
brain 6 seconds and took 3rd - roberto
fifth he did ball but good but
so that we reach the fifth
this is roberto first wants the silver
then we are like this no no it is way already
you can not not have the lottery
you have to think about projects that's why a
time is to say because it is good but
you have to be in the juveniles I
I say the juvenile has gone to work
in the youth or tennessee selections
that I would miss this Africa World Cup
that I would lack pressure I would miss
then with has to go doing to the
12 years
and if I continue I like to play in the systems
How do you like the side as you like the
another we come a year 80 and peak
81-82 was the black antonio of
students of silver and black black
the sides the rust and if they tell you that
are win that are winne imposes us as
lateral which is the future for later
change then that flight that has to do
that is repaired a small paragraph
before the break of the last break
this two referring uses of their equipment
batista and brown have been crowned
Olympic champions this one that you suggest
you to the man and the coach I say
that's a lot to look Barbarian
that I am against this comes the
Olympic champion and U-20 champion
argentina brazil or african type that
it does not come out better than Europeans have the
age do not have competitions have
competitions are not 21 years old they played
handed out at first the guys have
first the big team then serves
for a push it is clear that
they have to be forming
so that the last good can last
part of the program let's talk football
with the doctor looking at it
well we are leaving I have very little
we almost did not talk about the future
Argentine who have promised but has
The doctor's visit progressed very well
he wants to be a very short thing to
before the closing of the marshal east in the
Argentina you know that always the
antinomies and actually times instead of
add up for all subtraction I say
that they shake hands or that a
I hug nothing like that but in a
football table could not talk some
normally minute day and billions of
football
I do not have to repeat it and look, I do not have
enemies
I must have my no but the black with
everyone but nothing has happened
to overcome fate as not
good carlos thank you have bothered
with all your laburo of officials of
live journalists and running lives
always running like when I was playing
midfielder and he has also left us
like roberto a great teaching has
to be clear that eyes look that I do not
I have nothing else but it would be good for the
Football personally not up there
independent and I said he wants a lot
the radio that speaks I turned off the support not
we know how to respect
good this next match chau
Y